# 212.1 • Prototype Sound Pack

tags:: SAE, AUD212, Prototype

- - -
# 212.1 • Prototype Sound Pack V02

## Where Is Your Group At?
Definitely a bit behind to where I think we should be at ~ I was sick for a whole week last week. Plus haven't been as onto the actual work during the last couple of weeks. 
Thought we are a bit behind, I do think we'll be fine to smash it out through out this week.

**REMEMBER:**
- The Project is due next week *Friday* but he won't be marking it until *Tuesday 31/10/23*

## Some Sound Examples

## Successes | Challenges

### Successes:
Some of the successful things for us this project would definitely have to do with the recording / audio asset accumulation process. 

This originally started out a bit rough (outlined in challenges) but we definitely turned it around. 
I was sick all of last week so we were a whole person down but the group still managed to get in and smash through a whole bunch of work ~ recording some samples using the synths at SAE.

### Challenges:
We definitely ran into a bunch of challenges, especially right at the start ~ mainly to do with issue of Control Room C (room wasn't ready).

As well as this, I was sick all of last week so the guys were unfortunately forced to work with one less person.
I think another one of our major challenges has to be with the idea of what we're actually doing - seems like its a bit undefined ~ probably from not fully outlining the Market Plan out properly prior

## Artwork Update
've managed to get Stable Diffusion working so from here on in, doing the artwork shouldn't be too much of an issue / struggle.
	    
I've attached a couple of examples that S.D has given me already. This will be refined during this week ~ in conjunction with feedback we've recieved as well as trying to keep eveything on theme. 
- Feedback last update was that the font etc. wasn't really on-theme & was a bit goofy

## Stable Diffusion Dump:

## How Close To Finishing Are You?
We're definitely a bit off from finishing unfortunately but still within our means if we knuckle down and smash through it

## Demos Of Sound Pack, Who, When?
*Some demo ideas we could do are:*
- Music demo track ~ have this on SoundCloud - linked DL button to our 'website'
- Short video with horror imagery ~ for ambience & foley for film projects
- Foley use examples with short animations or videos
- We could also do a *trade* of sorts - where we swap the pack with other groups and make each other a demo track

## How Will You Market The Pack?
_Marketing of the sample pack will done through a coupe of different ways:_
- Social Media Platforms:
  - 1. TikTok
  - 2. Instagram
  - 3. Facebook

- On & Around campus ~ Using posters and QR Codes (QR Codes have the link to the website with the Sample Pack)

## Where Will The Pack Be Available?
- On our own **Website**
- *[Hypothetically]* ~ Sample Pack Distribution Platforms
  - 1. Splice
  - 2. Music / Production Blogs
  - 3. Film Creator Blogs

- Physically ~ could have it in a box w/ USB stick
  1. This could *[Hypothetically]* be sold or attached as part of a promotion thing at brick & mortar shops like StoreDJ

- Have a partnership deal where anyone using the SAE student discount gets a free USB box with sample pack when buying equipment from StoreDJ
  - Given out as a free promotion ~ tester pack / 1-2 samples from each folder
